**Student Management System GUI Application Documentation**

**1. Introduction**

The Student Management System GUI Application is designed to provide
administrators with a user-friendly interface for managing student
records, course enrollment, and grades. This document aims to provide
comprehensive documentation for the purpose, functionality, and usage of
each component, event handler, and feature within the application.

**2. GUI Components**

**a. MainFrame**

\- Purpose: The main frame serves as the primary container for the
entire application. It houses multiple tabs, each representing a
different functionality of the Student Management System.

\- Functionality: MainFrame includes tabs for \"Add Student\", \"Update
Student\", \"Assign Grades\", \"Course Enrollment\", and \"View Student
Details\".

\- Usage: Administrators can navigate between tabs to perform various
tasks related to student management.

**b. AddStudentForm**

\- Purpose: This form allows administrators to add new students to the
system by entering their information such as ID, name, and grade.

\- Functionality: Upon filling out the required fields and clicking the
\"Add Student\" button, the new student is added to the system.

\- Usage: Administrators input student details and click the button to
add them to the database.

**c. UpdateStudentForm**

\- Purpose: The update student form enables administrators to modify
existing student information.

\- Functionality: Administrators select a student from a dropdown menu,
edit the necessary fields, and click the \"Update\" button to save
changes.

\- Usage: Users select a student, update their information, and save the
changes.

**d. GradeManagementPanel**

\- Purpose: This panel facilitates the assignment of grades to students
for their enrolled courses.

\- Functionality: Administrators select a student from a dropdown menu,
choose a course, assign a grade, and click the \"Assign Grade\" button
to save the grade.

\- Usage: Administrators select a student, choose a course, assign a
grade, and save the changes.

**e. CourseEnrollmentPanel**

\- Purpose: The course enrollment panel allows administrators to enroll
students in courses.

\- Functionality: Administrators input the student ID and the course
they wish to enroll in, then click the \"Enroll Student\" button to
complete the process.

\- Usage: Administrators input student ID and course, then enroll the
student in the selected course.

**f. ViewStudentDetailsPanel**

\- Purpose: This panel displays a table with a list of students and
their details.

\- Functionality: It retrieves student records from the database and
populates the table with the relevant information.

\- Usage: Administrators can view the list of students and their
details, facilitating easy access to student records.

**3. Event Handling**

Event handlers are implemented to respond to user interactions with
various GUI components. These handlers execute specific actions based on
user input, such as adding a student, updating student information,
assigning grades, enrolling in courses, and viewing student details.

**4. Dynamic Interface Updates**

The GUI interface updates dynamically to reflect changes in student
records, course enrollment, and grades. When new students are added,
information is updated, or grades are assigned, the corresponding
displays update automatically to reflect these changes without manual
refreshing.

**5. Error Handling**

The application includes robust error handling mechanisms to provide
informative error messages or dialog boxes when invalid inputs are
provided or operations cannot be completed. This ensures a smooth and
user-friendly experience by guiding administrators through exceptional
situations.
